for the +, -, etc.. values for card stats, whenever those values are used for the HP of a card, the HP should always be rounded up to the nearest 5 for the cards embed in all corresponding commands.
for all the edits weve done in the chat so far and these few edits, leave notes explaining what the code does for beginners who cant code yet.
start tracking how many copies of a card a user has,showcased on the copies value on the info embed.
make a copies command both slash and prefix. the files name should be copies.js, and it should be under the utility folder. this command showcases all the card copies and the amount a user has. copies are basically duplicates of a defaultly filter by most copies to least copies. the embed should look like this: embeds: [{ title: "'s storage", description: " Monkey D. Luffy : 8\n Roronoa Zoro : 4\n// etc...", thumbnail: { url: "" }, color: "#ffffff", footer: { text: "Page /" } }] }); for the embed buttons, there should be a gray next and previous button. you cant go from last page to first page and you cant go first page to last page. there should be 10 cards per page. there should also be a dropdown where you can filter how you want to view your copy storage. By rank: meaning from UR cards to D cards. footer would say "- By rank" By amount: this is the default way, from the most copies to the least amount of copies. footer would say "- By amount" by date: this means, latest card you got a copy of to last card you got a copy of. footer would say, "- By date" lastly, there should be a gray search button with a magnifying glass emoji on the embed. clicking it sends a form where you have to type the name of a card, then it lists all matches of that specific card using the same searching as the info command. all buttons should dissapear when sorted like that, and you have to click the grey back button to go back to the main page. when sorted like this, in the footer it says " - by search". for , leave each rank emoji value blank for me to insert later.
